wifi: SAP mode docs (#13562)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/shell/README.rst

       28 bytes from 142.250.74.46 to 192.168.50.199: icmp_seq=1 ttl=113 time=190 ms
       28 bytes from 142.250.74.46 to 192.168.50.199: icmp_seq=2 ttl=113 time=190 ms

Testing SAP mode
================

> For this the sample needs to be build with configuration overlay file ``overlay-sap.conf``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the SAP mode, the sample must be built using the configuration overlay :file:`overlay-sap.conf` file.
```

|test_sample|

#. |connect_kit|
#. |connect_terminal|

#. Set the appropriate regulatory domain using the following command:

   .. code-block:: console

      wifi reg_domain <ISO/IEC 3166-1 alpha2>

   For example, to set the regulatory domain to US, use the following command:

   .. code-block:: console

      wifi reg_domain IN

> #. Set a IP address for the SAP interface using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Set an IP address for the SAP interface using the following command:
```

   .. code-block:: console

      net ipv4 add 1 192.168.1.1 255.255.255.0

#. Enable the Access Point mode using the following command:

   .. code-block:: console

      wifi ap enable <SSID> <SSID length> <channel> <psk>

   ``<SSID>`` is the SSID of the network you want to connect to, and ``<psk>`` is its passphrase.

> #. Check the SAP status after a while, using the following command:
> 
>     .. code-block:: console
> 
>         wifi status
> 
>     If the SAP is established, you should see an output similar to the following:
> 
>     .. code-block:: console
> 
>         Status: successful
>         ==================
>         State: COMPLETED

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Check the SAP status after a while, using the following command:

   .. code-block:: console

       wifi status

   If the SAP is established, you should see an output similar to the following:

   .. code-block:: console

        Status: successful
        ==================
        State: COMPLETED
```

        Interface Mode: ACCESS POINT
        Link Mode: UNKNOWN
        SSID: testing
        BSSID: F4:CE:36:00:22:C6
        Band: 2.4GHz
        Channel: 1
        Security: OPEN
        MFP: Disable
        Beacon Interval: 0
        DTIM: 2
        TWT: Not supported

> #. Connect a station to the SAP using a static IP address and verify the connection using the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Connect a station to the SAP using a static IP address and verify the connection using the following command:
```

   .. code-block:: console

        wifi ap stations

>     If the station is connected, you should see an output similar to the following:

Reviewer: Formatting issue, line 367 to line 377 are displayed in the previous code block.
